Updated Airflow guides based on ebook publication (#232)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/from-operators-to-dagruns.md

**Operators** contain the logic of how data is processed in a pipeline. There are different Operators for different types of work: some Operators execute general types of code, while others are designed to complete very specific types of work.

### An instance of an Operator is a task.

Operators are reusable task templates, and a **task** is an instantiation of an operator. Tasks take the parameters and process data within the context of the DAG.

### Tasks are nodes in a DAG.

Once you define tasks within a **DAG** object, a DAG can be executed based on its schedule. A built-in Scheduler in Airflow "taps" the DAG and begins to execute the tasks based on their dependencies.

A real-time run of a task is called a **task instance**. These task instances get logged in the metadata database with information about when and how they ran.

### DAGs become DAG Runs

If a task instance is a run of a task, then a **DAG Run** is simply an instance of a complete DAG that has run or is currently running. At the code level, a DAG becomes a DAG Run once it has an `execution_date`. Just like with task instances, information about each DAG Run is logged in Airflow’s metadata database.

## States

> One of the key pieces of data stored in Airflow’s metadata database is **State**. States are used to keep track of how task instances and DAG Runs are performing. In the screenshot below, we can see how states are represented in the Airflow UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the key pieces of data stored in Airflow’s metadata database is **State**. States are used to keep track of what condition task instances and DAG Runs are in. In the screenshot below, we can see how states are represented in the Airflow UI:
```
Let me know what you think about this re-word. "Performing" to me indicates it's related to time/memory/cpu usage and is something that can be "tuned". Tried to make it consistent terminology with general definition of a "state"
